questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:1/answer:Keep it!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:1/answer:Keep it!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:2/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:1/answer:Keep it!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:2/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:1/answer:Keep it!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:1/answer:Get out of my face!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:2/answer:I'll let you live, but you're on thin ice...
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:2/answer:I'll let you live, but you're on thin ice...
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:0/answer:Sure do Clappy-o!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:0/answer:Sure do Clappy-o!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:0/answer:Sure do Clappy-o!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:0/answer:Sure do Clappy-o!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:0/answer:Sure do Clappy-o!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:0/answer:Sure do Clappy-o!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:0/answer:Sure do Clappy-o!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:0/answer:Sure do Clappy-o!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:0/answer:Sure do Clappy-o!
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:1/answer:Pls shut up...
questionIndex:2/answerIndex:2/answer:Meh....
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:1/answer:Keep it!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:1/answer:Keep it!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:1/answer:Keep it!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Nah i liked it better before
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:1/answerIndex:0/answer:New one please!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:0/answer:
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:0/answer:No i like it the way it is
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:0/answer:No i like it the way it is
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some 
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some 
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:2/answer:Actully remove the subgrid with desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:2/answer:Actully remove the subgrid with desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some 
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some 
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more 
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more 
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more 
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:2/answer:Actully remove the subgrid with desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more 
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more 
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more forest
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure remove some desert
questionIndex:0/answerIndex:0/answer:Please help me Clappy!
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:2/answer:Make it Forest
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more forest
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:0/answer:Make it Desert
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more desert
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:4/answerIndex:1/answer:Make it Sea
questionIndex:5/answerIndex:1/answer:Sure add some more sea
